Blighted Reach Campaign
FAQ & Errata v.1 - 1/13/25
A Fates
1. Steward
F1.03 Dealmakers
Q: When exactly do I refill the Court after my
 Rival secures the card?
A: Refill it before you influence and secure.
F1.05 Council Intrigue
Q: Can I flip the Council while it is not in the Court?
A: Yes! In this case, return it to the Court. It won’t
resolve this round.
F1.07 Hunter Squads
Q: Can I reroll this multiple times?
A: No, only once.
F1.10, F1.11, F1.20, F1.21 Lesser Regent
Q: Can I discard this even if there are no Available
ambition markers?
A: Yes. Any card that says you can discard it to do
something else can simply be discarded.
ERRATA This action should include the text
‘Don’t place the zero marker.’
F1.14 Act II Resolution
ERRATA The Lesser Regent card references
should say ‘20-21’.
F1.16 Council Insiders
Q: Does this card ability trigger when I secure it
from the Court?
A: No. Securing Council Insiders does not trigger
its own Secure modifier.
F1.17 Galactic Bards
Q: In what order do you choose to seize the
initiative and declare an ambition?
A: Either order.
Q: How does this interact with ‘7’ action cards and
Faithful Cards?
A: For ‘7’ action cards, you may declare any
ambition. For Faithful cards, you may declare an
ambition based on the current Faith, such as
Pluralistic Faith.
F1.22 Steward - Act III Setup
ERRATA The Govern the Imperial Reach card
references should say ‘03-05’.
F1.23 Imperial Sponsor
Q: Does the Sponsored token return somewhere
when the Sponsored ambition is declared?
A: No. It remains on its current ambition.
Q: Can I still place a resource on the Imperial Trust
if the Sponsored token did not move?
A: Yes!
F1.24 Govern with Authority
Q: For the Imperial Action on the War Policy, am I
exempt from giving a resource if the Trust has no
Weapons?
A: No. You have to try to give the maximum
amount prompted. So if it has a Weapon but no
other resource, give a Weapon. If it has no
Weapon but it does have another resource, give
the resource.
2. Founder
F2.03 Act I Resolution
ERRATA The card reference for ‘Founder’s next
Resolution card’ should be ‘23.’
F2.08, F2.09, F2.10, F2.11 Construction and Admin Unions
Q: When do you collect the action card?
A: At the end of the round, after all players have
finished their turns.
Q: Can this be stolen once it has been played
but not resolved?
A: Only cards in the holder’s play area can be
stolen, so once played this card cannot be
stolen.
ERRATA The campaign version should include
the text ‘without a Union placed by it’ to
indicate that it cannot be played if a duplicate
card has been played on it.
1
F2.14 Commonwealth Ambition
Q: What happens to the Commonwealth ambition
marker after scoring?
A: It returns to the Fate card of the Founder of the
Commonwealth.
Q: If I place a Conspiracy marker with Conspiracies,
can I still place a Commonwealth ambition
marker on it?
A: Yes, as you still declared an ambition, even
though you placed something different.
Q: What happens if a Commonwealth ambition
marker is in an ambition box without another
ambition marker, such as if ?
A: It returns during scoring even if the ambition
did not score any points.
F2.16, F2.17 Armistice
ERRATA For clarity, this card should say ‘from the
attached card’ rather than ‘from here’.
F2.18, F2.19, F2.20, F2.21 Member of the Commonwealth
ERRATA The text ‘harms a Free city’ should read
‘harms a Free building.’
F2.22 Commonwealth Membership
ERRATA The text ‘harms a Free city’ should read
‘harms a Free building.’
F2.24 Spirit of Freedom
Q: Can I secure the card if I am in a three-way tie
with a Commonwealth Member and a
non-Member?
A: Yes!
3. Magnate
F3.01 Act I Objective
Q: Can I advance my Close Deals with Rivals
objectives by returning Favors in the Call to
Order?
A: No. You can only advance in Summit
Negotiations.
F3.02 Merchant League
Q: Can someone force me to give them a resource
off this card by returning my Favor during the
Summit’s Call to Order?
A: Yes.
F3.04 Elder Broker
Q: Is Trade blocked by Sworn Guardians?
A: The Trade action is not stealing and is not
blocked by Sworn Guardians.
F3.07, F3.08, F3.09, F3.10, F3.11 Cartels
Q: How does the supply on this card interact with
other cards and abilities?
A: The resources count towards ambitions and
Keeper’s Solidarity, but they cannot be
discarded for Relic Fence or be stolen.
Q: Do rivals discard even if Tycoon wasn’t scored?
A: Yes.
Q: Can I discard this even if there is nothing to steal?
A: Yes. Any card that says you can discard it to do
something else can simply be discarded.
F3.12 Act II Objective
Q: Do I advance with Corner the Market if I take a
Monopoly from another player?
A: No. You have to take it from the supply.
F3.19 Monopoly Consent
Q: In the Call to Order, if I want to force a
Monopoly holder to give me a resource they
have the Monopoly for, how many Favors do I
need to return to them?
A: Only the Favors needed for the Transfer Asset
action; so if the resource in question has one
key, then one Favor. You do not need to give
them another Favor to get Monopoly consent.
F3.21 Act II Resolution
ERRATA The reference to ‘Fuel Interest’ should
read ‘Shipping Interest’.
F3.26 Closed Economy
Q: In a Closed Economy, can a Regent Lord tax a
Vassal City under Imperial control?
A: No. A Regent Lord is bound by the Truce law
when taxing a Regent Vassal city under Imperial
control, and bound by Closed Economy when
taxing an Outlaw Vassal city under Imperial
control. An Outlaw Lord can always tax Vassal
cities regardless of Empire control.
2
4. Advocate
F4.03 Guild Overseers
Q: Do I fulfill the requirement if I am in second
place for the lowest ambition, which gives 0
Power?
A: Yes. The clarification text in italics is generally
true but misleading in this specific case.
Q: Does this block card abilities like Galactic Bards?
A: No, just Prelude actions and New actions.
F4.05, F4.06, F4.08, F4.09 Liaisons
ERRATA This action should include the text
‘Don’t place the zero marker.’
F4.10 Diplomatic Fiasco
Q: Do you count agents before or after returning
the agents that were on this card?
A: In this instance, the agents should be returned
first, then the supply counted.
F4.13 Advocate’s Demand
Q: What happens if I demand a protected Guild
card?
A: The holder simply gives you a Favor, since they
cannot actually give you the card. Sucks for them.
F4.14 Guild Negotiations
Q: In the Call to Order, if I want to force the
Advocate to give me a Guild card, how many
Favors do I need to return to them?
A: Only the Favors needed for the Transfer Guild
Support action; so if the Guild card in question
has two keys, then two Favors. You do not need
to give them another Favor to get Advocate
consent.
F4.24 Guild Loyalty
ERRATA This card’s ability should read ‘...you do not
discard Guild cards.’
5. Caretaker
F5.03 Golem Hearth
Q: If a Rival of the Caretaker spends a Golem and
no one has resource slots on their player
boards, do they keep the Golem or put it on
Golem Hearth?
A: It returns to the Golem Hearth. The Golem
Hearth can hold, or in other words “has slots
for,” any number of Golems.
F5.05 Golems
Q: Can I trade Golems in the Summit?
A: Not in Act I. If the Caretaker continues to Act II,
Knowledge Set Free allows for Golem trading.
Q: When exactly does someone keep a Golem
after using it?
A: If the player with the Golem Hearth uses a
Golem and nobody else has slots. As long as the
Golem Hearth is in the game, its holder will al
ways have slots for Golems.
Q: Can I override the Imperial Truce Law with the
Warrior Golem?
A: Nope!
Q: Are Golems resources?
A: Nope! The text ‘can be spent for actions like
resources’ just means that you spend them in
your Prelude to take their listed actions like you
do with resources. You can’t spend them to take
New Actions or, for example, or as inputs for
Loyal cards like Loyal Engineers.
F5.08, F5.10, F5.11 Unstable Golems
ERRATA To improve game flow, add this sentence:
‘Scrap this if the Seeker is not in play.’’
F5.09 Unstable Seeker
Q: Does this trigger Gate Ports?
A: Yes!
ERRATA To improve game flow, add this sentence:
‘Scrap this if the Seeker is not in play.’’
F5.13 Librarians
Q: Does securing Librarians trigger its Secure
power?
A: No. Broadly, to trigger a card effect it needs to
be in your play area at the start of the trigger.
3
4
F5.14 Knowledge Set Free
Q: When I transfer Lore with resources on it, what
happens to the resources?
A: They remain on the transferred Lore card.
F5.20 Act III Objective
Q: When I scrap Lore with resources on it, what
happens to the resources?
A: They return to the general supply.
6. Partisan
F6.01 Act I Objective
Q: Do I advance for Sow Division in the Reach if I
already have the initiative and hold it at the end
of the round?
A: No. You need to get it from somewhere else.
F6.03, F6.16 Partisan Seizing
Q: If I pivot to a new Fate in Act III, do I clear my
Outrage?
A: No. At this point, the relevant card is tucked
outside your play area, and this part of the
ability is no longer relevant.
F6.10 Galactic Bards
Q: In what order do you choose to seize the
initiative and declare an ambition?
A: Either order.
Q: How does this interact with ‘7’ action cards and
Faithful Cards?
A: For ‘7’ action cards, you may declare any
ambition. For Faithful cards, you may declare an
ambition based on the current Faith, such as
Pluralistic Faith.
F6.11, F6.12, F6.22, F6.23 Spacing and Arms Union
Q: When do you collect the action card?
A: At the end of the round, after all players have
finished their turns.
Q: Can this be stolen once it has been played but
not resolved?
A: Only cards in the holder’s play area can be
stolen, so once played this card cannot be
stolen.
ERRATA The campaign version should include the
text ‘without a Union placed by it’ to indicate that
it cannot be played if a duplicate card has been
played on it.
F6.15 Act II Setup
ERRATA The Partisan Seizing card reference should
say ‘03’.
F6.19 Guilds Decry Terror
Q: What do you do if there is already a card
attached to the Council?
A: Attach it to the Council, keeping the other
attached card attached as well.
ERRATA Add the text ‘Shuffle the Court deck.’
F6.20, F6.21 Terror Strike
Q: If I secure the card, does this count as harming
others? Do I take Trophies? What happens
exactly?
A: Securing this card triggers the Crisis itself, which
means you are not harming anyone, you take no
Trophies, you do not cause Outrage, and so on.
You have plausible deniability.
5
7. Admiral
F7.01 Act 1 Objective
Q: Do trophies taken as part of ransacking the court
count towards Admiral’s objective?
A: Yes, if Ransacking the Court is triggered by
destroying a city in battle and not by some
other means. You are destroying pieces in the
battle, and Ransacking the Court happens as
part of destroying a city.
F7.06, F7.07 Rogue Admirals
Q: Can a Regent with Rogue Admiral attack the
Empire alone?
A: Yes. In this case, the Empire defends with all
Imperial ships in the battle system.
Q: What happens with a Regent with Rogue
Admirals attacks another Regent?
A: The attacker can add any number of Imperial
ships in the system to their attacking ships.
Remaining Imperial ships are defending ships.
(This is modeling the Empire breaking up into
rival admiralties who each have a claim on the
Empire’s military, who’s loyal, and who’s a
traitor.)
F7.13 Command Chaos
Q: How does the Crisis work if the Imperial
Officers is discarded or in the Court deck?
A: The Crisis does not work while the card is
discarded or in the Court deck.
F7.17, F7.18 Mass Uprising
Q: If I Ransack the Court to secure this during a
battle, do ships I place in the battle system
count as attacking ships?
A: No.
F7.20, F7.21 Martial Law
Q: Does this ever override the power of Imperial
Authority?
A: No.
Q: Does this mean that Regents can battle each
other in Imperial systems now?
A: No. Even though it prevents some Regents from
Commanding the Imperial Fleet, you still have to
follow the Truce Law.
8. Believer
F8.03 Spreading the Faith
Q: If we are playing with split discard piles, where
do I scrap from?
A: The facedown pile. If there is none, shuffle the
face-up pile to form a facedown pile first.
ERRATA The Teach action should have the attach
and scrap sentences swapped. You cannot scrap
unless you attach.
F8.17 Plot to Kidnap
Q: Can you use Plot to Kidnap to take an action
card from the face up discard if playing with
Split Discards?
A: Yes. Resolve the card by searching through both
the face-up and facedown discard piles, then
shuffle the facedown discard pile.
Q: How does the Crisis work if The Young Light or
The Prophet is discarded, in the Court deck, or
in the card play area?
A: The Crisis does not work while the card is
discarded or in the Court deck. It does work if
the card is in the card play area.
F8.23 Doctrinal Faith
Q: What happens if I declare an ambition without
an Ideal but there are no Ideal markers
left in the supply?
A: Do not place an Ideal marker on it. You can still
declare it.
F8.29 Act III Setup
ERRATA This setup should remind you to place
the Ideal markers in the same ambitions as they
were in at the end of the previous Act.
F8.30 Dominant Faith
Q: Does this limit how I can declare ambitions in
nonstandard ways, like with Galactic Bards?
A: Yes.
Q: What happens if I declare an ambition without
an Ideal but there are no Ideal markers
left in the supply?
A: Do not place an Ideal marker on it. You can still
declare it.
6
ERRATA To clarify various interactions, we have
rewritten step 3 of this card to the following:
‘Destroy all buildings on the planet, placing them
here, not in Trophies. Nobody Ransacks the Court.’
and swapped it with step 2.
F11.05, F11.06, F11.07, F11.08, F11.09 Refugees
Q: Do I have to build the Free city in order to gain
the other benefits of the Resettle action?
A: Yes!
12. Pirate
F12.07 Silver-Tongues
Q: Can I discard this even if I cannot steal anything?
A: Yes. Any card that says you can discard it to do
something else can simply be discarded.
F12.08 Act III Objective
Q: If someone has an agent on my True Rumor,
can I fulfill my second grand ambition?
A: No. They have a Loyal piece in the Pirate
Haven’s system.
F12.11 Rumors of the Haven
Q: Do my agents on Rumor tokens count as Loyal
pieces for things like building in the system?
A: Yes!
13. Blight Speaker
F13.04 Blight Fury
Q: Is it legal to take a Catapult move with ships and
Blight, as long as I drop the Blight off in the
first system?
A: No. Blight cannot Catapult move, period. This
includes with the Seeker Golem.
ERRATA The text ‘They can’t Catapult’ should be in
body text, not in italics and parentheses.
14. Pacifist
F14.01 Act II Objective
Q: How does the Spread Empathy objective
interact with Loyal guild cards?
A: Only Psionic resources count.
B Fates
9. Pathfinder
F9.02 Uncovering Clues
Q: Do cities and starports on Flagships count
toward this effect?
A: No, they must be on the planet in question.
F9.06 Portal Seekers
Q: Can I score from fulfilling this grand ambition
even if I have a C Fate?
A: Yes. You can still score this one even if your Fate
does not give you more that you can fulfill.
10. Hegemon
- No Entries -
11. Planet Breaker
F11.02 Sycophants
Q: If a player provokes Psionic Outrage once and
then Weapon Outrage twice on the same turn,
how many ships would Sycophant place?
A: 2 ships total. The 2 ships is once per turn, not
once per turn per Outrage.
Q: If this triggers during battle, do the ships I place
in the battle system count as attacking ships?
A: No.
F11.03 Breaking Worlds
Q: Does this trigger Ransack the Court?
A: No. There is nothing left to Ransack. The world
is pretty blown up.
Q: How does this interact with Bunkers and
Banners of Hegemony?
A: They are removed and added to this card.
Q: Can I rebuild Banners or Banners of Hegemony
or Cloud Cities on a broken world?
A: Yes! There are enough scraps to build a small
bunker, plant a flag, or build in the ashen clouds.
Q: Does taking this action at all trigger Empathy for
All?
A: Yes! Even if you do not end up controlling the
planet and thus breaking it.
7
F14.02 Witnesses
Q: Do you have to control Witnesses to Catapult
move them?
A: Yes. The control requisite still applies to
Catapult Moves.
Q: Do you have to flip a Witness token in Prelude
to declare Empath?
A: Yes. You must do the first part to declare
Empath.
ERRATA The Prelude ability should read ‘You may
flip a Witness you control at a Psionic planet to its
Psionic resource side and take it. If you do, you may
declare Empath without placing the zero marker.’
F14.02 Psionic Liaisons
ERRATA This action should include the text
‘Don’t place the zero marker.’
F14.08 Act III Setup
ERRATA The card references should read ‘09’
through ‘12’ in the order listed.
F14.11 Reconcile with the Outraged
Q: How does this interact with Psionic Monopoly?
A: The consent of the Monopoly holder is still
required to give Psionic. As noted on
Monopoly Consent, consent can be forced
by returning their Favor in the Call to Order.
15. Peacekeeper
F15.02 Oath of Peace
Q: What happens if I am a Member of the
Commonwealth and the Commonwealth scores
Warlord with the Commonwealth Ambition
on it?
A: You do not score any Power for it. Your
unscored Power is not scored by other
Members.
F15.08 Ceasefires
Q: If a player plays a non-Aggression card to battle
in a cluster at Peace, do they need to spend
1 or 2 Weapons? Is it one weapon per flip if a
player wants to flip more than 1 Ceasefire token?
A: It would cost 2 weapons: One to apply Battle to
the Action Card via the standard Prelude ability
of a Weapon, and one to flip the Ceasefire
token. It is also one Weapon per flip.
16. Warden
F16.03, F16.04, F16.05, F16.06, F16.07, F16.08 Lords of Clusters
Q: In a Closed Economy, can a Regent Lord tax a
Vassal City under Imperial control?
A: No. A Regent Lord is bound by the Truce law
when taxing a Regent Vassal city under Imperial
control, and bound by Closed Economy when
taxing an Outlaw Vassal city under Imperial
control. An Outlaw Lord can always tax Vassal
cities regardless of Empire control.
F16.09 Seats & Fiefs
ERRATA This card should say ‘if a city with a Seat
is removed’ rather than ‘if a city with a Seat is
destroyed’ to cover cases where the city is removed
from the map in other ways.
F16.12 Warden’s Levy
Q: Which hits to the ships on the card take?
A: The ships are on the card take hits for self-hit
damage (flame icons and intercept)
F16.13, F16.14 Feast Day
ERRATA The first sentence should end with,
‘keeping its Seat.’ to clarify that replacing the city
does not remove it.
F16.15 Skirmishers
Q: Can I reroll this multiple times?
A: No, only once.
F16.18 Feudal Courts
Q: Where does the Court token go when I secure a
card with it?
A: If you’re a Lord, return it to the general supply.
If you’re a Vassal, keep it on the refilled card.
ERRATA To clarify the intended effect, we have
added ‘If a Vassal secures a card with a Court token,
the Court token remains on the refilled card.’.
ERRATA Add the following text ‘If a Seat is returned,
return its Court token.’
8
F19.02 Ire of the Keepers
ERRATA The second sentence should read ‘You can
not tax cities on Relic planets that you do not
control.’
20. Guardian
F20.02 Green Vault
Q: What happens to the Material and Fuel on
Green Vault when Tyrant is scored?
A: They are returned to the general supply.
Q: What happens if this is transferred with
Knowledge Set Free or scrapped from the
Caretaker Act III Objective?
A: Your resources in your Captives box are still
Captives, but they are no longer frozen.
F20.03 Ire of the Tycoons
ERRATA The second sentence should read ‘You can
not tax cities on Material and Fuel planets that you
do not control.’
F20.04 Edenguard Ambition
Q: Can the Guardian, with Ire of the Tycoons still
declare the Edenguard ambition?
A: Edenguard is an alternative to Tycoon and
Guardian would be able to declare it.
21. Naturalist
F21.02 Blight Society
ERRATA The text ‘They can’t Catapult’ should be in
body text, not in italics and parentheses.
22. Gate Wraith
F22.01 Act III Setup
ERRATA ‘Explain it and to everyone’ should read
‘Explain it to everyone.’
F22.03 Breaking Gates & Placing Passages
Q: If there are multiple ways to Catapult move to
break a gate, what happens?
A: Choose any one legal starport or Slipstream
Drive. Only that one is destroyed.
C Fates
17. Overlord
F17.01 Act III Objective
Q: How does Rule by Fear Alone interact with
Monopolies?
A: You are considered to “have” these resources,
so you do advance for them.
F17.01 Sycophants
Q: If a player provokes Psionic Outrage once and
then Weapon Outrage twice on the same turn,
how many ships would Sycophant place?
A: 2 ships total. The 2 ships is once per turn, not
once per turn per Outrage.
Q: If this triggers during battle, do the ships I place
in the battle system count as attacking ships?
A: No.
18. Survivalist
F18.02 Vow of Survival
Q: If I win the Commonwealth Ambition, how
much Power do I gain?
A: You gain Power for second place alone.
F18.04 Bunkers
Q: Can I repair my bunkers once they are damaged?
A: Yes!
Q: Do bunkers protect my other buildings on the
planet from being raided?
A: Nope. Bunkers by themselves do not enable
raiding.
19. Redeemer
F19.01 Act III Objective
Q: How does this card interact with Relic Cartel?
A: This is a simultaneous resolution, so the player
with initiative chooses which effect happens
first. As a result, the Redeemer might lose the
Relics before getting to scrap them!
Q: Can I scrap Relics that I have on Relic Monopoly?
A: Yes, you are considered to “have” these Relics.
9
ERRATA Change points 2 and 3 to the following:
2. Place all ships and tokens from the gate onto the
Twisted Passage, the central map area. The ships
end their Catapult move.
3. Return the building you used to Catapult--the
starport on the map, or your Flagship’s Slipstream
Drive Upgrade and its Armor--as well as all
buildings on the gate. (Don’t take any of these as
Trophies. This does not count as harm.)
F22.04 The Dead Live
Q: If Blight Hunger is in play, where do destroyed
pieces go?
A: The Dead Live specifies that pieces that would
return to supply are instead placed on the card.
Blight Hunger places the pieces on its card
before they would return to supply, so Blight
Hunger takes precedence.
F22.05 Passages & The Twisted Passage
Q: Can I use Galactic Rifles to shoot in our out of
the Twisted Passage?
A: No, since the systems are not technically
adjacent.
F22.06 Passage Storms
Q: When I secure this card, what happens to the
agents on it?
A: They are returned and taken as Captives, as
normal. Only the card remains in the Court.
23. Conspirator
F23.02 Farseers
Q: Can you give me an example of this Prelude
action if I discarded 2 cards plus Farseers?
A: You would draw 3 cards from the bottom of the
action card discard pile.
Q: Can I discard zero cards beyond this one?
A: Yes! In this case, just draw 1 card.
Q: What happens if the discard pile is very small
when I use this?
A: Shuffle all of the cards you are discarding
before placing them on the discard pile. This is
one of the few situations where discard order
matters in the game.
F23.03 Conspiracies
Q: Can conspirator refill the court with the same
guild they just secured to place a conspiracy?
A: Yes! Refill is the last step of secure, after you’ve
taken the card.
Q: When I declare an ambition to place a
conspiracy, does this still count as declaring an
ambition for cards like Farseers, Parade Fleets,
Doctrinal Faith, and so on?
A: Yes! You are still declaring an ambition.
F23.05 Foiling Conspiracies
Q: If I guess a Conspiracy token incorrectly, is it
revealed?
A: No, it stays face down.
ERRATA The Conspirator cannot guess their own
Conspiracies. Instead of ‘When you secure...’ this
card should read ‘When a Rival of the Conspirator
secures...’
24. Judge
F24.03 The Arbiter
Q: Do resource slots limit the number of Captives
or Trophies I can give?
A: No, the limit of resource slots refers only to
giving resources.
Q: How does this interact with cards like Well of
Empathy that give unlimited resource slots?
A: Feel free! Cards that hold resources are
considered to have unlimited resource slots for
that resource.
F24.04 Judge’s Chosen
Q: Is the Chosen allowed to perform all the actions
granted by upgrades on the Judge’s Flagship?
A: The Judge’s Flagship is indeed their Loyal ship.
You could use their Flagship to build ships,
Catapult move, tax using Control Array, etc.
Q: Can I start a battle using only the Judge’s ships
as attacking ships?
A: Yes.
Q: If I move ships of the Judge into a gate starport
from Gate Ports, whose agent is captured?
A: The Judge’s agent is captured, since it is their
ship.
10
Lore
L.02 Galactic Rifles
Q: Is Fire Rifles modified by abilities that modify
Battle?
A: Abilities that modify Battle do not apply to Fire
Rifles. For example, you cannot use Skirmishers
to reroll the dice, and you cannot use
Gatekeepers to collect more dice.
L.03 Sprinter Drives
Q: Can Sprinter Drives activate more uses of
Sprinter Drives?
A: No, it is not recursive. The more verbose but
correct text is: When you move fresh Loyal ships
but not with Sprinter Drives, you may move any
of them one more time.
Q: Can the bonus move be a Catapult move?
A: You can Catapult move with the bonus move.
Q: If I catapult move and drop off ships in gates
along my path, can each ship move again?
A: Each fresh Loyal ship that moved can move one
more time, independently and to a different
destination.
L.06 Signal Breaker
Q: Can you limit which ships are battling?
A: Attacker’s Loyal ships in the battle system are
all “attacking ships”. Therefore, all Loyal ships
in the battle system must be fresh at the start of
battle to use Signal Breaker.
Q: Does Signal Break block the Intercept generated
by Mirror Plating?
A: Signal Breaker lets you “ignore one intercept
you roll”. However, this cannot ignore the
intercept added by Mirror Plating, because it is
not rolled.
Q: Does Signal Break take effect before Railgun
Arrays?
A: Signal Breaker checks if all the attacking ships
are fresh at the beginning of the battle, before
Railgun Arrays deals one hit.
L.08 Gate Ports
Q: What happens if this is transferred with
Knowledge Set Free or scrapped from the
Caretaker Act III Objective?
A: Your starports in gates can still build ships and
enable Catapult moves, but you can no longer
take Captives with them.
Q: If this card has changed hands, can multiple
players have a starport in the same gate?
A: No, it is a maximum of one total.
L.08 Gate Ports
Q: Can I spend a resource to build a city while
outraged in that resource?
A: Yes, Outrage does not stop you from spending
the resource at all. It only stops you from
spending it for its standard Prelude action.
Q: Do I need to have the resource to build the city?
A: Building a Cloud City requires spending a
resource of the planet type.
Q: If this card has changed hands, can multiple
players have an extra city on the same planet?
A: No, it is a maximum of one total.
L.11 Gate Stations
Q: What happens if the cluster has no cities?
A: If a Gate Station is in a cluster with no other city,
it has no type. Destroying it provokes no
Outrage. Taxing it yields no resource, but it can
still be taxed.
Q: What happens if this is transferred with Knowl
edge Set Free or scrapped from the Caretaker
Act III Objective?
A: If transferred, your cities in gates still operate
in the same way. If scrapped, your cities in gates
no longer have a type, so they no longer
produce resources when taxed and no longer
Provoke Outrage when destroyed.
Q: If this card has changed hands, can multiple
players have a city in the same gate?
A: No, it is a maximum of one total.
L.13 Ancient Holdings
Q: Can Ancient Holdings hold Golems?
A: Yes, Ancient Holdings provides a resource slot
that holds one Golem.
11
L.14 Seeker Torpedoes
Q: Can I reroll this multiple times?
A: No, only once.
L.16 Force Beams
Q: Does this trigger Gate Ports?
A: No, since this ignores move modifiers.
Q: Can you use Force Beams to do a Catapult Move?
A: No, Force Beams is strictly to an adjacent system.
It cannot start a Catapult move.
Q: How does this interact with Passages & The
Twisted Passage?
A: You can use Force Beams to Guide ships into the
Twisted Passage, but not out of it.
L.17 Raider Exosuits
Q: When the defender has no buildings on the
map and I could collect more than 1 raid die, am
I restricted by Raider Exosuits?
A: If the defender doesn’t have any building on
the map, you are not subject to the raid dice
limit and can collect more than one raid die.
L.18 Survival Overrides
Q: Can I use this to simply destroy one of my own
ships, even if it does not destroy a non-Loyal one?
A: Sure, if you want. Bash it into a planet or
asteroid.
L.20 Empath’s Bond
Q: How does Empath’s Bond interact with the
Empire, who is not a Rival?
A: This card should have errata provided to change
the final sentence to “Build ships damaged in
systems controlled by anyone else.”
ERRATA The term ‘blockaded’ present in the first
printing clarification is an old term for controlled
by anything other than you.’ In the base game, all
that matters is Rival control. In the campaign, this
can include control by the Empire, etc.
L.21 Keeper’s Trust
Q: Does this interact with Cartel cards?
A: A player has the resources on Cartel cards. This
means Keeper’s Trust applies to those resources.
L.22 Keeper’s Solidarity
Q: How does this interact with Cartel cards?
A: A player has the resources on Cartel cards. This
means Keeper’s Solidarity applies to those
resources.
L.26 Tyrant’s Authority
Q: What if I have none of the matching building in
my supply?
A: You cannot Annex a building if the
corresponding Loyal building supply is empty.
L.27 Tycoon’s Ambition
Q: If I have no Material or Fuel, can I use Tycoon’s
Ambition?
A: You can use its ability even if you have zero
Material and Fuel.
Q: How does this interact with Material Cartel or
Fuel Cartel?
A: Nothing happens to the Material and Fuel on
those cards. You can still use Tycoon’s Ambition.
Q: In the campaign, how does this interact with
frozen resources?
A: They are not discarded. You can still use
Tycoon’s Ambition.
12
Campaign Court
CC.02 Construction Union
Q: When do you collect the action card?
A: At the end of the round, after all players have
finished their turns.
Q: Can this be stolen once it has been played
but not resolved?
A: Only cards in the holder’s play area can be
stolen, so once played this card cannot be
stolen.
ERRATA The campaign version should include
the text ‘without a Union placed by it’ to
indicate that it cannot be played if a duplicate
card has been played on it.
CC.05 Skirmishers
Q: Can I reroll this multiple times?
A: No, only once.
CC.06 Arms Union
Q: When do you collect the action card?
A: At the end of the round, after all players have
finished their turns.
Q: Can this be stolen once it has been played
but not resolved?
A: Only cards in the holder’s play area can be
stolen, so once played this card cannot be
stolen.
ERRATA The campaign version should include
the text ‘without a Union placed by it’ to
indicate that it cannot be played if a duplicate
card has been played on it.
CC.07 Lattice Spies
Q: Can I discard this even if I cannot seize?
A: Yes. Any card that says you can discard it to do
something else can simply be discarded.
CC.10 Elder Broker
Q: Is Trade blocked by Sworn Guardians?
A: The Trade action is not stealing and is not
blocked by Sworn Guardians.
CC.11 Populist Demands
Q: If I remove an ambition marker from a box with
a Commonwealth Ambition marker, what
happens?
A: The Commonwealth Ambition marker remains
in the box. After scoring, it is removed even if its
marked ambition did not score.
ERRATA This action should include the text ‘Don’t
place the zero marker.’
CC.12 Council Intrigue
Q: Can I flip the Council while it is not in the Court?
A: Yes! In this case, return it to the Court. It won’t
resolve this round.
CC.13 Diplomatic Fiasco
Q: Do you count agents before or after returning
the agents that were on this card?
A: In this instance, the agents should be returned
first, then the supply counted.
CC.14 Song of Freedom
Q: In the campaign, do I have to control a Loyal city
in order to free it?
A: Yes!
Q: In the campaign, can I free cities on Flagships?
A: No.
Q: In the campaign Crisis, what happens if players
are tied for most Power?
A: The player closest in turn order to the player
with initiative is affected.
